# QUALTRICS SURVEYS
There will be several types of surveys that will need to be distributed to the class. You will be creating surveys throughout the semester for various purposes, including but not limited to the following: weekly guest speaker rating surveys, Utah Jazz volunteer sign-up surveys, lunch with Mike sign-up survey.
### Rating Survey
You will create a rating survey for each class. The results of this survey will be shared with Mike Maughan and its purpose is to inform Mike and Ryan on the class engagement with each speaker. A copy of one of the rating surveys is found here. A new survey will be created each week. The name of the speaker and interviewer will need to be updated as appropriately, and the link will need to be included on the attendance quiz (more on this in the Attendance Quiz section).
For instructions on how to create Qualtrics surveys with display logic and to distribute them, click here. 
At the end of the week, an exported report from Qualtrics of that week’s survey needs to be uploaded to a folder in Box, and this folder will be shared with Mike’s assistant. To see how it was done in the past, go in Box to the MSB folder >> Fall22 >> Feedback Surveys.
### Other Surveys
You will create other types of surveys during the course of the semester, mostly for gauging interest in events and capturing information like names, dates, and other things. Become familiar with Qualtrics and learn how to handle display/skip logic, email triggers, and other Qualtrics features as you see convenient.